SVG attributes: geometry property notes (#34936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/svg/attribute/x/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> [!Note]

> > Declaring a `<length>` or `<percentage>` value in CSS using the {{cssxref("x")}} _geometry property_ overrides the x-axis coordinate of the `<use>` set by the `x` attribute in some browsers. This behavior is at-risk.

Reviewer: What does "This behavior is at-risk." mean for readers? I.e. what should they do differently? What is the risk.

It may be that this is standard wording in SVG/CSS but it is new to me.

Author: I don't really know the right way to use it. Basically, it is supported in some browsers but it was never supposed to be and is not in the spec, and is going to be removed. Any suggestions on how to say that concisely?

Reviewer: Yuck! So this would be deprecated then?

Perhaps then

```suggestion
> Declaring a `<length>` or `<percentage>` value in CSS using the {{cssxref("x")}} _geometry property_ overrides the x-axis coordinate of the `<use>` set by the `x` attribute in some browsers.
> This behavior is non-standard, deprecated, and likely to be removed in future browser versions.
```
